Add Note from Convention Mod (#19)
mc-datapacks/en: src/conventions/datapack_uninstallation.md

### Uninstallation Function

You can create an "uninstallation function", which when ran, will remove most of the content added from your datapack. You can tell the user about this function inside your project page or anywhere you like.

--------------------

### **Note from Convention Mod (Optional)**
> I recommend if you have `scoreboard`, `storage`, `team`, you should remove it if possible.  
> - If you can't remove something, such as `core scoreboard`, you can write the reason in the [request review](https://github.com/mc-datapacks/review-tracker/issues) or mcfunction comment.

###  **What should you know and be aware of about how to disable datapack**
**1. Use /datapack disable \<name>** - `tick.json`
> Pros
> - Using just 2 commands will clear the schedule command as well. 

> > - Auto reload, Help ensure that everything is completely cleared. Due to the use of the `/reload` command, some multiplayer servers have a server launcher. Changed this reload command so vanilla's commands it won't work.

Author: This is what I want to convey is If using only these two commands
```mcfunction
datapack disable "file/convention"
datapack disable "file/convention.zip"
```
So there's no need to use any `/schedule clear` commands.

Also, using this command will cause reload without using the `/reload` command, as the `/reload` command will have issues with some brand server launchers. If I'm not mistaken, it's probably the "paper". I can't use the "/reload" command to reload the datapack.

This is what I understand. If I misunderstood something, please point out.

> > - Using just 2 commands will clear the schedule command as well. 
> > - Auto reload, Help ensure that everything is completely cleared. Due to the use of the `/reload` command, some multiplayer servers have a server launcher. Changed this reload command so vanilla's commands it won't work.

Author: ```suggestion
> - Only use two `datapack disable` commands. This will also disable the schedule command.
> - Automatic reload without `/reload`.  **Note:** `/reload` command doesn't work with some 
server launchers.
```

>
> Cons
> - Be careful \<name>
>
> Common problems
> - In some cases I found that this command is not available in the uninstallation file, but even after removed `scoreboard`, `storage`, `team` the tick.json file will still run causing the uninstallation to fail.
> - Another case to be aware of is \<name> . Because if you use `datapack disable "file/convention"`
If the user installs a `.zip`, it won't work. And the file name must match as well.
Even if you can do like this
> ```mcfunction
> datapack disable "file/convention"
> datapack disable "file/convention.zip"
>```
> But if file name is `convention_v1.0.0.zip`.
Either install it as a `.zip` or `extract to folder` it won't work.
>```
> <name>.zip -> /data
> <name>/data
>```

**2. Use /schedule clear \<function>** - `load.json only`
### **How to use**
Typically you will use `load.json` to call mcfunctions like load, init, etc. to install scoreboard objectives, etc. as you need. which these files will only run once

> But if you have to use the same functionality as `tick.json`, you simply use `load.json` to call your main or tick function and use the `schedule function convention:datapack/main 1t` on the last line.

Author: Here I will say `load.json` file is commonly used to call mcfunctions such as `load.mcfunction`, `init.mcfunction`, and so on.
If you don't use `tick.json`, but want the `mcfunction 1 tick`, use the `load.json` file to call mcfunction, where the bottom line in this mcfunction file will use the `schedule function 1t` command.

> Typically you will use `load.json` to call mcfunctions like load, init, etc. to install scoreboard objectives, etc. as you need. which these files will only run once
> 
> But if you have to use the same functionality as `tick.json`, you simply use `load.json` to call your main or tick function and use the `schedule function convention:datapack/main 1t` on the last line.

Author: ```suggestion
Technically `load.json` file is commonly used to call the init file, which these files will only run once.

If you don't want to use `tick.json`, but you need the mcfunction one tick loop, you can use the `load.json`, call the mcfunction file you need, and place the `schedule function 1t` command at the end of the line.
```

**Fun Fact :** If you are a beginner, you may not know that you can make mcfunction run slower tick cycles as you like.

> For example, run every 8 tick `schedule function <function> 8t` or every 1 second `schedule function <function> 20t or 1s` `t - tick`, `s - second`, `d - gameday`. Why am I talking about this? Because I've seen scoreboards used to do this before.

Author: I brought it here because when giving advice on uninstalling, I need to recommend this as well. Because it is related
Either using `schedule 1t` instead of `tick.json`, uninstalling the datapack without using the `/datapack disable` command.

> Pros
> - Don't worry about the name 
> - No need to disable datapack.
>
> Cons
> - If not disabled, You must complete all schedule clear commands.
> - There must be no reload after all schedule clear until the datapack file is removed.

**3. Installation type**

`.zip`
> When uninstalling, if the user deletes the datapack file, they must exit game or stop server. when uninstalling 
>
> Pros
> - Just drag it into the datapack folder. 

`extract to folder`
> No need to exit the game or stop the server. when uninstalling
>
> Cons

> > - You need to be sure that the user will extract the folder correctly. Including when you compress it into a .zip file, how do you make it?

Author: How can I fix this?

> > - You need to be sure that the user will extract the folder correctly. Including when you compress it into a .zip file, how do you make it?

Author: ```suggestion
> - How users will extract files will depend on the format of directory inside your zip file.

```

> - `<name>.zip/<name>/data`
If it is like this, the user must click `Extract here`.
> - `<name>.zip/data`
If it is like this, the user must click `Extract to "<name>\"`

> **3. Various reload methods**

Author: ```suggestion
**4. Various reload methods**

```

 > 3.1 `/datapack disable <name>`
 >
 > 3.2 `/reload` (There is an issue with some server launchers.)
 >
 > 3.3 `Exit and Re-join game or Stop & Re-launch Server`

> **4. Conclusion from convention mod's opinion.**

Author: Change number

Author: ```suggestion
 > 4.1 `/datapack disable <name>`
 >
 > 4.2 `/reload` (There is an issue with some server launchers.)
 >
 > 4.3 `Exit and Re-join game or Stop & Re-launch Server`

**5. Conclusion from convention mod's opinion.**

```

**Fact :** The `tick.json` file typically runs before `load.json`, sometimes resulting in an incomplete execute and installation. But we can set `load.json` for `setup` or `init` file to run before main or tick.
```json
{
    "values": [
        "convention:datapack/setup",
        "convention:datapack/main"
    ]
}
```

If it was me, what method would I use? 
> - Use `/schedule clear <function>` 
> - Use `.zip` (Just drag & drop, good experience for the users)
> 
> Because it has pros is **"Don't worry about the name & No need to disable datapack"**  since `tick.json` is not used.
And installing `.zip` will be able to force the user to *exit the game or stop the server (reload method 3.3)* to delete the datapack file. Because the datapack is not disabled.

> > - If schedule function command is more than 2
> > - Use `Use /datapack disable <static_name>` (convention.zip every update)
> > - Use `.zip` (Just drag & drop, good experience for the users)
> > - If you only want to use `datapack disable .zip`, you must tell the user not to extract the files.

Author: ```suggestion
> - If there are more than two schedule function commands
> - Use  `/datapack disable "file/<static_name>.zip"` and `/datapack disable "file/<static_name>"` in `uninstall.mcfunction` every update
> - Compress the datapack to a `.zip` file and have the user install it as a `.zip` file with drag and drop it into the datapacks folder. (Just drag & drop, good experience for the users)
> - If you only want to use `/datapack disable "file/<static_name>.zip"`, you must tell the user not to extract the files.

```

> 

> > Because we want the `setup` or `init` file to run first.
> Which we'll only use `datapack disable "file/convention.zip"` to have everything disabled in one command, with prohibits users from extracting files.
> And installing `.zip` will be able to force the user to *exit the game or stop the server (reload method 3.3)* to delete the datapack file. 

Author: ```suggestion
> Because I want the `init` file to run first.
And installation as a `.zip` file will be able to force the user to *exit the game or stop the server (reload method 4.3)* to delete the datapack file. 
```
